1360833948
AddQuantityToLineItems	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214075111_add_quantity_to_line_items.rb	class AddQuantityToLineItems 
Application	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
Cart	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/cart.rb	class Cart 
CartTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/cart_test.rb	class CartTest 
CartsController	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	class CartsController 
CartsControllerTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/functional/carts_controller_test.rb	class CartsControllerTest 
CartsHelper	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/helpers/carts_helper.rb	module CartsHelper
CartsHelperTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/helpers/carts_helper_test.rb	class CartsHelperTest 
CombineItemsInCart	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214080412_combine_items_in_cart.rb	class CombineItemsInCart 
CreateCarts	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214065111_create_carts.rb	class CreateCarts 
CreateLineItems	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214065907_create_line_items.rb	class CreateLineItems 
CreateProducts	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130213082456_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
Depot	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/config/application.rb	module Depot
LineItem	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/line_item.rb	class LineItem 
LineItemTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/line_item_test.rb	class LineItemTest 
LineItemsController	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	class LineItemsController 
LineItemsControllerTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/functional/line_items_controller_test.rb	class LineItemsControllerTest 
LineItemsHelper	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/helpers/line_items_helper.rb	module LineItemsHelper
LineItemsHelperTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/helpers/line_items_helper_test.rb	class LineItemsHelperTest 
Product	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
ProductsController	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsControllerTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/functional/products_controller_test.rb	class ProductsControllerTest 
ProductsHelper	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
ProductsHelperTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/helpers/products_helper_test.rb	class ProductsHelperTest 
StoreController	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	class StoreController 
StoreControllerTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/functional/store_controller_test.rb	class StoreControllerTest 
StoreHelper	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/helpers/store_helper.rb	module StoreHelper
StoreHelperTest	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/helpers/store_helper_test.rb	class StoreHelperTest 
TestCase	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
add_product	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/cart.rb	  def add_product(product_id)
change	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130213082456_create_products.rb	  def change
change	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214065111_create_carts.rb	  def change
change	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214065907_create_line_items.rb	  def change
change	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214075111_add_quantity_to_line_items.rb	  def change
create	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def create
current_cart	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_cart
destroy	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214080412_combine_items_in_cart.rb	  def down
edit	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def edit
ensure_not_referenced_by_any_line_item	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/product.rb	  def ensure_not_referenced_by_any_line_item
index	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/store_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def index
new	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def new
new_product	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/unit/product_test.rb	  def new_product(image_url)
show	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
total_price	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/line_item.rb	  def total_price
total_price	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/models/cart.rb	  def total_price
up	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/db/migrate/20130214080412_combine_items_in_cart.rb	  def up
update	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/carts_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/RubyWorkspace/depot/app/controllers/line_items_controller.rb	  def update
